chore: make repo more community-friendly (#20)
privacy-scaling-explorations/snark-artifacts: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

:tada: Thank you for being interested in contributing to the SNARK artifacts project! :tada:

Feel welcome and read the following sections in order to know how to ask questions and how to work on something.

All members of our community are expected to follow our [Code of Conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please make sure you are welcoming and friendly in all of our spaces.

We're really glad you're reading this, because we need volunteer developers to help this project come to fruition. 👏

## Issues

The best way to contribute to our projects is by opening a [new issue](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/snark-artifacts/issues/new/choose) or tackling one of the issues listed [here](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/snark-artifacts/contribute).

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are great if you want to add a feature or fix a bug. Here's a quick guide:

1. Fork the repo.

> 2. Run the tests. We only take pull requests with passing tests.
> 
> 3. Add a test for your change. Only refactoring and documentation changes require no new tests.
> 
> 4. Make sure to check out the [Style Guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md#style-guide) and ensure that your code complies with the rules.
> 
> 5. Make the test pass.
> 
> 6. Commit your changes.
> 
> 7. Push to your fork and submit a pull request on our `main` branch. Please provide us with some explanation of why you made the changes you made. For new features make sure to explain a standard use case to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repo.

<!-- 2. Run the tests. We only take pull requests with passing tests. -->

<!-- 3. Add a test for your change. Only refactoring and documentation changes require no new tests. -->

<!-- 4. Make sure to check out the [Style Guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md#style-guide) and ensure that your code complies with the rules. -->

<!-- 5. Make the test pass. -->

2. Commit your changes.

3. Push to your fork and submit a pull request on our `main` branch. Please provide us with some explanation of why you made the changes you made. For new features make sure to explain a standard use case to us.
```

We don't have any tests (yet?). So don't you think we should not mention tests?

Author: Right!
